Contributors: how to sign cla. (#201)
pingcap/community: contributors/README.md

### Sign the CLA

> Click the button "Sign in with Github to agree" to sign the CLA. For example: [here](https://cla-assistant.io/pingcap/tidb?pullRequest=16303).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click the **Sign in with Github to agree** button to sign the CLA. See an example [here](https://cla-assistant.io/pingcap/tidb?pullRequest=16303).
```
